Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-paste-url-to-aspxhtmleditor-as-a-hyperlink-e4325: Readme.md

<!-- default badges end -->

# HTML Editor for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to paste a URL as a hyperlink
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4325/)**
<!-- run online end -->

To paste a URL to [ASPxHtmlEditor](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxHtmlEditor.ASPxHtmlEditor) as a hyperlink, follow the steps below:

1. Subscribe to [CommandExecuted](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientHtmlEditor.CommandExecuted) and [HtmlChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientHtmlEditor.HtmlChanged) events.

    ```aspx
    <dx:ASPxHtmlEditor ID="he" runat="server">
        <ClientSideEvents HtmlChanged="he_OnHtmlChanged" CommandExecuted="he_OnCommandExecuted" />
    </dx:ASPxHtmlEditor>
    ```

2. In the [CommandExecuted](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientHtmlEditor.CommandExecuted) event handler, check if the `PASTE` command is executed.
  
    ```js
    function he_OnCommandExecuted(s, e) {
        if (e.commandName === ASPxClientCommandConsts.KBPASTE_COMMAND || e.commandName === ASPxClientCommandConsts.PASTE_COMMAND) 
            process = 0;
    }
    ```

> 3. In the [HtmlChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientHtmlEditor.HtmlChanged) event handler, get an HTML code from the editor and replace each URL with the corresponding hyperlink in the HTML format.

Reviewer: "get an HTML code"
can you change the word "get" with something more specific, and also you don't need an article before HTML code.

Author: ```suggestion
3. In the [HtmlChanged](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientHtmlEditor.HtmlChanged) event handler, obtain HTML code from the editor and replace each URL with the corresponding hyperlink in the HTML format.
```
